Fix missed c9 issues (#226)
aws-samples/cfn101-workshop: content/basics/templates/template-and-stack/index.md

> 1. In the **[CloudFormation console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation)**, select the stack you have created in this lab. For example `cfn-workshop-s3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **[CloudFormation console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation)**, select the stack you have created in this lab. For example `cfn-workshop-template-and-stack`.
```

> 1. In the **[CloudFormation console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation)**, select the stack you have created in this lab. For example `cfn-workshop-s3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **[CloudFormation console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation)**, select the stack you have created in this lab. For example `cfn-workshop-template-and-stack`.
```
